Add openapi-mode configuration option (#412)
PostgREST/postgrest-docs: api.rst

OpenAPI Support
===============

Every API hosted by PostgREST automatically serves a full `OpenAPI <https://www.openapis.org/>`_ description on the root path. This provides a list of all endpoints (tables, foreign tables, views, functions), along with supported HTTP verbs and example payloads.

.. note::

>   By default, this output depends on the permissions that the user making the request has. If you need to show all the endpoints regardless of user permissions, see the :ref:`openapi-mode` configuration.

Reviewer: Adding more precision:
```suggestion
  By default, this output depends on the permissions of the role that's contained in the JWT role claim(or the :ref:`db-anon-role` if no JWT is sent). If you need to show all the endpoints disregarding the role's permissions, set the :ref:`openapi-mode` config to code:`ignore_privileges`.
```
